final_project/README.md, before:

# Snake CS50 Game

## Video Demo: https://youtu.be/B0v-IfTkYEw

## Description
My first project for CS50's Introduction to Programming with Python Final Project
#### Intro:
This is classic retro snake game made in python with [pygame](https://www.pygame.org/news) module

#### controls:
use arrow key to move your snake
catch food which appear on screen randomly
earn points

### TODO:
#### Download
Download the Repository through Clone Repository or Download Zip
```
git clone 
```
#### Installation
After download, go to `cmd` and navigate to the project folder directory.
```
cd CS50P-Final-Project
```
Use [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/) to install needed libraries.
```
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```
#### Usage
You will lose if you try to move behind screen edges
You lose if you crash on snake's body

Run the program python script `project.py` with [python](https://www.python.org/).
```
python project.py
```
Test the program python script `test_project.py` with [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/).
```
pytest test_project.py
```


## ENJOY GAME!

Commit message:

modified:   final_project/README.md

final_project/README.md, after:

# Snake CS50 Game

## Video Demo: https://youtu.be/B0v-IfTkYEw

## Description:
My first project for CS50's Introduction to Programming with Python Final Project
#### Intro:
This is classic retro snake game made in python with [pygame](https://www.pygame.org/news) module

Project structure :
-project.py Main - game script
-test_project.py - test your game programm
-requirements.txt - fie with necessary modules
-README.md

> if you want, you can change screen size variables

#### controls:
Arrow Keys — Move the snake (Up, Down, Left, Right)
Control the snake to collect food and grow longer. Avoid crashing into the walls or yourself!

🍎 Eat food to grow

☠️ Don't run into walls or your own tail

⏱️ Try to get the highest score possible!

## TODO:
#### Download
Download the Repository through Clone Repository or Download Zip
```
git clone https://github.com/naz-il-an/harvard-cs50p/tree/7ce06f056ac1e666e7b23f5a7b36c6e01d79d213/final_project
```
#### Installation
After download, go to `cmd` and navigate to the project folder directory.
```
cd CS50P-Final-Project
```
Use [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/) to install needed libraries.
```
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```
#### Usage
You will lose if you try to move behind screen edges
You lose if you crash on snake's body

After lose program will shut down, for restart you need to run program again

Run the program python script `project.py` with [python](https://www.python.org/).
```
python project.py
```
Test the program python script `test_project.py` with [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/).
```
pytest test_project.py
```

Feel free to use, modify, and share!

## ENJOY GAME!
